Every time I hear a sound of a knife hitting the plate,
it makes my central nervous system tremble.
I wonder if I can get 50 points for this.
It's a pathetic way of making me tremble.
I'm going to give the girl 50 points soon.
I'm going to make her feel better.
I've been looking for it.
I don't like to put money in my wallet or my mouth.
I like to put money in my pocket.
I've been to the US and I've been told to put money in my pocket.
I'm not trying to copy that.
I like to put money in my pocket.
I've been looking for 50 yen banknotes in T3.
I can't find any.
I can't help it. I'm going to look around.
I was holding my thumb and my thumb was stuck.
I slipped.
I couldn't get it.
Finally, I got one on my back.
I'm sorry, but I lost.
I'm sorry.
I was surprised when I got a high score.
I don't like it.
I'm going to rub my nails with money.
I rubbed my nails with a cotton swab.
I'm sorry I did it in a fashion.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry for losing.
I'm sorry that I got this much money.
I'm really sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
I want to get 30,000 yen back.
I don't like it.
I'm going to rub my nails with money.
I'm rubbing my nails with money.
I like pork cutlet, but I love the cabbage around it.
But I'm watching a girl, and I'm watching a girl.
I eat cabbage all the time.
I'm sorry if you think I'm a rabbit.
I wanted to eat pork cutlet, too.
I'm sorry if you think I'm a good young man.
I lived in the house across the river all day.
I left a ton of pork cutlet for my eyes.
We ate a late lunch.
One day, in front of everyone, I had a terrible nightmare.
A runners' place.
The way down to the pagoda.
I saw thezan atmosphere.
The mountain falls.
I don't know what's behind me, but the big yellow thing is making a shadow.
What do you think it is in everyone's eyes?
Do you know what it means to see people? What is that yellow thing?
Haha, it's not a good thing, but it's a tonkatsu.